hello you dear welcome to
dm with asked we are in today
karlsruhe I'll be right here in the
The market is with us today
namely everything about the theme I smell
I will meet a fragrance expert and me
of course have all your questions you
on this topic has put in with
hand luggage so okay
here with me martina she is not
only branch manager at dm but also
fragrant experts
what is a fragrance expert one
fragrance expert is a coworker who
have been with me for 30 years now
busy with fragrance ready for sale
and certainly knows very well since when
is there actually enough perfume?
back in the new century and was in
china and there was no perfume
but those were fragrance oils ok
first and then you have it too
does us good and how many different
You have funds here at dm 460 in
assortment my whole lot
mattila gives it different fragrance
Categories is divided into fragrance in
the air family fragrance accor den
different, such as woody
fragrance families fresh fragrance families
chords flowery fragrance families chords
and a very much behind a consultation
helpful to us and where can I find
which fragrance smells special to me
now fits the matching actually there
I always like to try and then
I really like it and it gives
it's the right way to do it
So I can test or wrong
test
really texts are already doing that then
with the customers and that is there once
the scented candles are very neutral
where to spray the air we'll spray in
primarily by smell or what banks
is supposed to be a fragrance of fine fragrance errors in
episode
thicker smells even better than one
scented candles and it is also one more
possibility to test
okay I find quite tasty to testers
myself if I have more over now
sayings and you can smell more
I will be favorite on the skin
best in a pulsating position
Mostly mama 's you at the inside
from the wrist and then rub very well
never enough when rubbing breaks
the smell of light white why always
dab or spray a string and run to
bring
and if I'm here five now
different or ten different
I'll have to try out some scents
somehow my nose in the meantime
So once again set to zero go 35
might be different then the nose
get used to it can not recognize anymore
the differences then either in
Arm bend as a monument judge as easy
in the armlet even a whiff
smell
just to neutralize the nose or
also does a lot of business or business
many branches are now on
shelf coffee beans coffee beans
neutralize the nose how should I
because actually the different scents
often very similar to like them
could be similar to computationally similar
it is usually a problem when
you tried several scents one after the other
that nose get used to it then
He directed all the same and why
it is so that it is a fragrance in the running
of the day changes differently in the morning
smells like maybe then in the afternoon
years are different notes that
the koki heart in the base note in the
the fragrance develops later
base note so it smells definitely
And what is the headnote the coop only
right after you spray on the
first ten minutes then unfolds
to heart and was half an hour later
then the base note that smells like that
how the fragrance is generally right in the
stadium of evaporation process at
by
Diana wrote us and she wanted us
know how it is with the notes the
it is to be sniffed when looking for
in the beginning description she reads the times
she could not always do that now
you always know the notes no
So I can not do it as a layman
because that's what the perfumers do
the trained noses and they have 2500
was allowed to create one
at Kensington Palace and that they are likely the people
even several hundred as not bad
if the jahner can not do that if i do
then stand here with you from the shelf
I find myself for there to be quite so
here are men
typical men fragrances are here
Women's fragrances but goes after the wrong
I also color both the color bottles
on sight that you better us
can advise better and the customers
you can also find your way around better
For example, the sour blue are the ones
fresh athletic should then go
one over for example the dark ones
colors folding box or bottle that
are the more intense for example
oriental scents or the
rose-colored ones are the flowery ones
the lighter you were allowed fresh here
darker the air folding box color
the more intense
17 certain fragrances the allergy sufferers take
are
no you can not if you have a few
for ag should one avoid the smell as
In any case, more often skin can do that
in hair spray on scarves for example
but with clothes for example on it
pay attention because the whole surfaces lead
and if I'm allowed to have migraine patients
as perceive or honest as I will
also avoid to have to go through
try to find out which
then the cranes war and therefore where
I avoid war
Martina why are we using it ?
actually better than that
Missing or general language
piece of life waves of luxury i
personally, would not leave the house
go without a scent because that's for me
like the first coffee in the morning brushing teeth
I will not feel attracted and
would like me and also with people
delight
Thank you for your nice answers
Many thanks to you
all of you that so many participated
We asked and we asked
Of course, you are very happy when you join
be back again next time
you can also subscribe us and we
say first appeared now